11
                             NEW USER INFORMATION
15                          컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
10
    Right now you are probably saying, "Gee, there isn't much I can do
  as a new user."  You are correct.  Before you can do anything, you
  must be validated by myself, the System Operator, or SysOp.  It will
  take me, at most, 24 hours to validate you.

    What is involved in validation?  Not much, I simply adjust your
  security level.  Below is a list a valid security levels:
12
    Level     Access          Description
11
    9       SysOp           Access to the entire board, including
                            file areas, message areas, SysOp conference,
                            and DOS.

    6       Adult           Access to file areas, message areas, adult
                            message conference and on line games.

    5       Valid User      Access to file areas, message areas and
                            on line games.

    4       Restricted      Access to message areas and file areas but
                            the user cannot download nor play on line
                            games.

    2       New User        User can leave mail to SysOp and view bulletins.

    1       Twit            Lets put it this way, you can't do very
                            much.

    0       Black Listed    User cannot even access first menu.

14
  Rules Of Thumb
10
  1)  BOSS is mostly a message board.  If you want lots of files call
      some place else.

  2)  Upload/Download ratios.  There are none on BOSS.  However, if
      the file areas are the only part of the bbs that you use, your
      access will be cut.  If you are active in the message bases, I
      will not hassel you about transfer ratios.

  3)  Do not make LARGE file transfers during prime time [7pm - 1am].
      People are trying to get their mail.  If you want to see how
      mad a SysOp can get ... try it.

  4)  Write your messages so that everyone knows what you are replying
      to.  Do not leave one word messages.  It helps if you start
      each message off by briefly summing up the message that you are
      answering.

  5)  If you are here just to play on line games, you will not be around
      long.

    Boss was programmed by myself, using QuickBasic 3.0

    Do not be afraid to PAGE me if you have any questions.  The PAGE
  feature is on 24 hours a day.

    Remember to leave a comment requesting validation.  Tell me a little
  bit about yourself.  You will not be validated unless you do so.
12
                                  Have fun, Your SysOp:
13
                                        Mark D. Longo


